hey what's up guys I am back with a new
video and it's a Saturday which is which
is all about having a car for about
there not being in video yesterday I had
an exam or Friday and I've got an exam
Tuesday and Thursday so guys I've been
revising all this week and I haven't
been able to do a video but I fought
quickly do one today while I have some
free time because I'm just having a
break from revising because all this
stuff is going into my head and I'm not
taking it but you guys I have some news
for you um I have redecorated Reggie's
cage do not look at the moment I kind of
put my own touch into it and like did
some handmade stuff because that needs
to be a change around it's been on that
for months and months and Freddy is
insurance oh gosh
ruin of rhythm Ricky's lovely okay -
that is what I needed to say also guys
I've been feeling backed into a name on
YouTube because people from our school
found out and this is not good I mean if
I change my name hopefully no one else
will be able to find it because this is
not my personal thing I like to do and I
just don't want many people I find that
like all you guys I love you all but
people my schools just a big name
because they can be quite horrible about
it but you know so um put some comments
down below and ask me why change my name
to or anything I should keep it but I
don't know guys because I don't know
right so guys I've taken the glass sort
of a variance are you guys are glad to
see bit clearer
he's red she's just chilling so starting
off as you can see this corner is
completely different
I did have let me just come
I did have this piece like driftwood
just here it has been there for a while
but before that I did have that there
but she became too big and she was too
close to the heat lamp and that will
burn her so I thought this is having
like a little dope house starting my
garden I found some of these tiles
they're just like tiles that I'm gone
like a bathroom reader on the wall and
there's like loads of them so I made
like her like a tower like a block and
the slab where she lays and she loves
that do you have any of them tiles
around definitely go for them because
they absorb the heat nice and they just
and if you get it nice and flat they
just love laying there
Reggie's like cooling off over there
secondly guys I have changed this area
around to look she fees have got food
tastes um this and this wasn't even in
the tank originally well a few weeks ago
I changed it yesterday this huge beastly
hide was just there and even though
Reggie loves that I just thought it was
there it was time to change it around a
bit so I put this some it's like a
corner thing it goes in the corner but
you're not really meant to stay under
there but um look she can go to the hold
and if you can see that but she can go
under there and she does live on there
even though she's quite big she doesn't
fear um and I've also got like a smaller
hide there and she does go under there
because she can fit under that one and
that's where she normally sleeps or
shoulders lay out here but yet she and
she loves climbing up there and I got a
big fake wall and and stuff like that
but yeah guys she loves that set up I
think but I think she's and she's
looking help her as well for some reason
but he's passed some it's past week she
hasn't been with
looking healthy turn away but then as
soon as I change the tank around and
gave her a and ice bar for everything
she this she's back on the ball and yeah
it's nice seeing her like this again and
she ah she loves it and she loves going
up there guys so I recommend like trying
to look for that your needs online
because I this is where I bought every
boy every online set from these handmade
tile things but I'm yeah I think this
was like I mean now it's quite expensive
but it's worth the cost guys because
they love it I guys I'm gonna give
Bridger ah that will have to spit me
give get ready amor om has a tree can
you see my mood ba guys that was
basically my quick video show you my new
setup and since like some handmade it's
more than that I want you to show you
guys and I hope you enjoyed my video
last week my trip to France I hope you
guys liked that something a bit
different but yeah I had a really good
time and yeah
France was amazing and gonna show you
something I'll wait to like this like
flea market out there and I saw this old
film camera and it it's one euro so you
know how a lot my camera is a my stuff
like that so I had to buy it
be higher boo boil so like an subscribe
guys and I'll see you next Friday on our
normal day for my next video
because I don't do I haven't consider a
guide and I'll see you next Friday for
my next video I'll put my normal day
because I were free to my exams bluffing
like the morons
but yeah our 499 subscribers as I'm
doing this video so I'm so close to my
goal and I love you all and it's been
great so thank you for that and yeah bye